fix: Add ENV variable to configure GRPC Keep Alive Time (#15656) (#15806)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/user-guide/environment-variables.md

| `ARGOCD_APPLICATION_CONTROLLER_NAME` | the Argo CD Application Controller name (default "argocd-application-controller")                                                                                                                         |
| `ARGOCD_REDIS_NAME`                  | the Argo CD Redis name (default "argocd-redis")                                                                                                                                                           |
| `ARGOCD_REDIS_HAPROXY_NAME`          | the Argo CD Redis HA Proxy name (default "argocd-redis-ha-haproxy")                                                                                                                                       |

> | `ARGOCD_GRPC_KEEP_ALIVE_MIN`         | defines the GRPCKeepAliveEnforcementMinimum, used in the grpc.KeepaliveEnforcementPolicy. Expects a "Duration" format (e.g. `10s`).                                                                       |

Reviewer: Let's mention the default value. 
```suggestion
| `ARGOCD_GRPC_KEEP_ALIVE_MIN`         | defines the GRPCKeepAliveEnforcementMinimum, used in the grpc.KeepaliveEnforcementPolicy. Expects a "Duration" format (default `10s`).                                                                       |
```
